what is up guys it's gonna HD here and
today I have one of my one of my best of
uploads on my channel one of the most
memorable moments on my channel history
is made on black ops 2 this is the
world's first nuclear metal a 30 gun
streak on gun game and to do this you're
gonna have to get this is a 30 kills a
30 kill streak and in gun game the
reason why it's so difficult is because
there's only 20 weapons you can cycle
through and so that means there's only
10 kills you have 10 kills left to go
for 30 and to get those 10 kills you
have to use your knife and so it makes
it very difficult for the 10 kill streak
with only your knife while people use
while people have all sorts of guns like
they have launchers they have snipers
they have shotguns submachine gun so
it's really really difficult and I
managed to do it took me a while to do
it like I've got 300 wins in gun game
and I finally done it and before I get
any hate or dislikes on this video I'm
just gonna say there was an afk guy in
this Lobby I got about four or three
kills of him but I went on a 33 a knife
streak and at the end of this gameplay
so those three those three to three to
kill was made up for the kills I got off
the a afk guy but he wasn't my friend he
wasn't in the lobby with me he was
obviously boosting with a split screen
err and if you don't know what that
means it's basically a guy who turns on
his second controller and he just keeps
running to the guy and get it getting
free kills of him so obviously that that
guy was trying to do it and I still
managed to get nuclear in this gameplay
despite that guy trying to boost so good
fights a good fight but accompanied by
finally done it this is definitely the
worst person you could be on gun game I
was on a youtube and I this morning
before I was about Optimus video I was
like okay first a nucleon gun game and
the video came up I was like oh shit oh
someone's beating me to it a part of it
was in in German so I'm like I it is
from German guy even worse so who I I
watched the video and I was just like so
excited because I got the first ever
nucleon gun game and if I uploaded
earlier I definitely would have been the
first on YouTube so I would started
watching that guy and it turned out he
got six kills from an afk guy and he was
boosting with two of his friends I could
tell he was boosting because at one
point he was aiming down the sight he
was aiming in with a sniper down the
right-hand side of height of the map
hijacked and that was a red drop behind
him for quite a while and it seemed like
he's trying to get attention but he
didn't want to make it to be but that
guy was either like shit was call of
duty play ever
all that guy was just waiting for them
for his body to turn around so he could
knife him but that's just he boosted it
it's not legitimate and I commented on
his video saying made this is clearly
boosted you got six kills off an afk guy
you had buddies in the lobby boosting
for you so please remember this video or
rename the title and what he did he
deleted my comment I love to dislike on
a video then but utility my comment
which obviously meant he was boosting
otherwise he would have said no I wasn't
he would have had something to come back
at me with would have had a comeback but
obviously he didn't he is boosting and
so if you see the gameplay it's in
hijacked probably going to come up on
the first search it's a boosting it's
not fit it's not real gameplay but this
is the real gameplay my hands were
shaking so bad on the last two kills
like because I was just running out I
was like okay time to take it slow and I
was saying in a corner and my
controllers going crazy like shit shit
calm down calm down I do get really
lucky in this game for life right there
the guy no scrubs been with a dsr-50 at
close range and that really happens game
getting a hitmarker at close range but I
managed to do it
managed to kill him and at the end of
the gameplay you see me get hit Marco by
a guy with a ballista as well so I get
really lucky in this gameplay and also
the time it was really annoying because
you have to make sure people in the
lobby are shit you can't let them get
any like get their kills quickly because
you want to get 30 kills so you have to
beat them to 30 kills before they get 20
and right there that's that's the lucky
moment and I'm too off I think one or
two off and this where history was made
black ops 2 this is definitely one of
the best color this is like one of the
best gameplays on YouTube you don't get
these people running around the POWs and
there we go nuclear nuclear right there
I'm going crazy I'm so happy and I pick
up two or three kills with a ballistic
knife so guys please give this video a
like you never been done before on
YouTube no doing done before ever so
could you please give this video like
comment what do you think of this and
don't forget to subscribe for more
awesome nuclear game plays thanks watch
my video yourself